hi guys and welcome back to my youtube
channel if you're new here my name is
Olivia Jarvis so today I am going to be
doing an unboxing my protein hall and
Tryon of some of the new releases and
just run you through some new
supplements and stuff that I've got and
I found a new flavor that and she
obsessed with that I have to show you
guys because if you're anything like me
and struggle with finding protein and
other supplements that you actually like
the taste of been Karin watching this
video so this one is gonna be I'm gonna
make it into it the chatty one and just
go through everything so I've got my
coffee such a summery mug isn't it you
have me other half still a bit smoky in
this room and that is actually because
I've got a new obsession with candles
like candy bit ridiculous now I've seem
to have them on literally or anytime in
the house I've got to have them on and
not just one candle I've looked she got
about four lit right now so yeah grab
your cups of tea coffee whatever you
fancy and yeah we'll start with so I've
got a huge box from my protein who I am
teamed up with and if you do order
anything from this hole I'd really
appreciate if use my discount code which
is a live 35 and that gives you 35
percent off everything literally so so
much money I think saved 80 pounds at
least order which is just insane like
the discounted amazing if she ran out
stairs as I always do just living rather
give me the box so what do you like
about my protein is just how reasonable
the prices are and I genuinely love but
activewear
especially like value wise you really
can't complain they're such such good
value and really reasonably priced and
good qualities were which is just what
like I don't use a load of supplements
just because like I mentioned earlier I
do struggle to find stuff that I
actually genuine like the taste of and
I'm not going to just for stuff Dominic
that I don't like or don't enjoy like
what's the fun in that
so I thought I'd try the protein
flapjack which
I already mention one and now I was
actually yeah so these are really good
and they literally taste like just a
normal nice sugary flapjack and I've got
20 grams of protein in so this would be
a really good pre-workout it's you know
pre-workout a snack comes in a nice
packaging I should probably shown you
one that hasn't been opened and
high-fiber yeah good sauce protein good
as a pre-workout however I did as I was
reading this so I ate half of it just
contain 326 calories so it's quite
high-calorie yeah it's full of the good
stuff so I think it's a good pre or
post-workout but obviously don't have
like five of these a day so that's how
at least tastes so good I also really
like the brownies but I've got a bit
tooth better than so I'm gonna get them
pour in my next row looks innocent and
the flapjacks were $9.99 and we go 12
which I don't think it's bad at all then
I've got some impact weigh-in cookies
and cream flavor this is without a doubt
the nicest forever but I prefer this to
the chocolate one that I usually get so
good I have one this morning and it's
been cagey and these lychee these last
quite a while so I probably say could
this last me good few months and this
was 20 pounds 99 that's without further
ado prices I'm saying without the
discount so obviously get 35% off there
and the reason why I got the impact diet
way just for haven't tried this
wonderful and it's it kind of its got
like an added green tea extract added a
seat McCarthy and I can't pronounce that
but I wanted to try it out cuz I haven't
tried one before and I've stuck to the
normal way for a while and trying to
like maintain sort of lean muscle mass
so actually I'd give this one a try
and yet taste amazing like absolutely
unreal it's like a milkshake in a bottle
and also when you spend over 40 pounds
you get like three weeks which i think
is always such about my protein always
have thinking
I've got this huge like water bottle
really big and also 250 grams impact
whey protein in banana flavor I'm gonna
try this when I want to see how I get on
with facts I kind of fell out of love
with the chocolate whey protein just in
like the taste of it anymore so if you
like experimenting but yeah I like to
try this one and I'll let you know how I
get on with that such a nice to attract
freebies just add it in then I also got
some more golden syrup this is so good
and I always put this in my porridge I
have a poor oh you'd like some lactose
free milk and then just makes a load of
this in and it just tastes so delicious
like really really nice so this is 399
obviously that's before the 35% oh and
it does last ages I'll let you put so
much in as well I probably have this
every day actually but yet also in my
last my person haul I've got the
chocolate sugar free so in this and I
hated it I'm not gonna lie it was awful
so I recommend getting the chocolate but
they've got insert point is really good
and then onto clothing literally so
excited about leaves have got like some
new releases so if you can tell I'm
really loving like neutral clothes at
the minute I think to be living in all
of these like I just think that was
really clean and a nice finish so I got
the woman's shape seamless crop top and
why I've got this in a size small and it
is such a nice breathable material it's
got grey here like the sleeves are
gorgeous so we've got a bunch to get my
hands on this because these got a stock
super quick and I really just goes like
any leggings and a perfect for in the
gym and it's crap this already I haven't
even tried it on you and this was 30
pounds obviously that is before so if
you get the 35% off I don't know
remember so terrible I'm not gonna work
that out but you get 35 percent update
as well we've lived 35 then next I got
the shape seamless ultra leggings in
black and I just really enjoyed I don't
actually have many black seamless
leggings and they're just such an
essential so yeah I got these I'm so
excited to try these on
they've got loads of detailing yeah
these are 42 pounds but you get 35
percent off these and I swear by these
these are like my favorite leggings a
minute over Jim jockle it's chic so nine
and I got these inner small everything I
get from my protein in this mall I do
find their sizes kind of bit snug
especially in the leggings like if
you've got the gym shark seems ones I
usually get them in an extra small
whereas in my protein I always get these
in a small next I got the power leg in
in the light space die and these been
these were out of stock when I went to
get them again and these were 32 pounds
already then you get 30% like the little
my protein thing on the back
they're really nice and they feel
comfortable and I receive these were
just growing like any color I got the
power mesh white sports bras that
afternoon I've got in black but of me to
get for a while
but again this goes out of stock really
quick like white seems to not last
minutes this was 20 pounds and really
like it sucks in I've got these like
bits of them here and this kind of pulls
pulls it all in and it's really really I
love this already
anything these I really I've got to try
over that hard to keep them actually
white so I'm just gonna try everything
on and run through everything I'm also
gonna do like a squat proof test and
boom if you aren't already subscribe to
my channel I would really appreciate it
if you stuck around and subscribed and
if you enjoy this video don't forget to
give it a like if this is women's
apparel mesh sports bra like I really
love how it I love to cook I quite like
a v-neck
rather than round sometimes and just
think it fits amazing this is put back
and I think he's really supportive as
well like and super comfortable and
flattering and it's actually I think
it's quite girl girly yeah I love the
neckline more than anything so
definitely keep that I've got this in
the black thing I can do in every single
color right now they also do like a blue
color so I think I'm gonna have to try
and order that just things do you go out
stop quite quickly on my program I've
got the woman's shape seamless leggings
on when I put them on if anything you
know any point of these kind of leggings
where they've got the holes instead of
like you just I feel like I might whip
these you know trying to like pull my
waist it
really really cool I think they
emphasize reports as well and I love the
detain down the leg match cuts these in
the mirror I'm using the camera and just
pull yet I don't see these we'll just go
do the squat protect yeah these aren't
sure you and they are quite a
thick material so definitely and also
there is zero there is literally no
counter which is really good and then
they come up super high waisted and have
got like a little bit of pyncheon at the
waist which I love
then next I've got the women's power of
space leggings these are so comfortable
there are different materials together
to the ones I just tried on
they are super high waisted she's wild
which is nice and I love them with this
white top he's a good size either option
is small but yeah perfect and really
that I've got these
slightly there's not really comfortable
it's slightly more so than the other
ones just because of the material I
simply squat proof and they're not sure
they're like income or two are
definitely safe the size is in the
leggings in my purse you ask snugger
than iced Nagar so I would definitely
say are the sizing up or just testing
out sizes no like father if an extra
small or small or small and reader or a
large and a just to make sure you get
the right fit this is the long-sleeved
top which it literally turns up when
silk it is so comfortable and breathable
and I like how you can kind of see the
support underneath but you can wear
funky color like and you don't color up
some of it this is such but this is this
more and it just fits amazing really
really breathable and super comfortable
now compared to the gym track I'd say
this is much more soft okay I breathed
the ball material but you can like move
a bit easier in mmm so I really really
like this I feel like I might need two
of these to be honest so nice I don't
know what the sweat patches would be
like but just amazing and it comes in
night at the waist and it's perfect then
that was a really successful haul and
I'm so pleased if everything I've got
I'm really happy make sure you have all
the pieces that picked if you aren't
really I'd really appreciate it if you
subscribe to my channel and hit the like
button it down below also if there's any
music videos you'd like to see him tick
here then comment down below and yeah
I'll see you guys in the next video